# Changelog
All notable changes to this project will be documented in this file.

The format is based on [Keep a Changelog](https://keepachangelog.com/en/1.0.0/),
adheres to [Semantic Versioning](https://semver.org/spec/v2.0.0.html),
and is generated by [Changie](https://github.com/miniscruff/changie).

## 7.7.0 - 2025-02-20

- **Improved**: Visual separation of comments side panel header. #TINY-11715
- **Fixed**: Editing a comment and adding a mention to the comment would result in the mention not showing correctly after saving the comment. #TINY-11602
- **Fixed**: Closing the comment kebab menu with the keyboard would result in the editor dispatching a `blur` event. #TINY-11172
- **Fixed**: The keyboard shortcut to open the comments sidebar now focuses the reply textarea. #TINY-11321
- **Fixed**: Editing a very large comment on chrome exhibited scroll jitter. #TINY-11729
- **Fixed**: Editor did not dispatch the `Change` event when a comment was edited or a reply was created. #TINY-11802

## 7.6.1 - 2025-01-22

- **Fixed**: The mentions menu without items was not closed when pressing Space or Enter key. #TINY-11454
- **Fixed**: The mentions dropdown remained visible even after the mention text was deleted in quick succession. #TINY-11673
- **Fixed**: Toggle sidebar shortcut remained active when the editor was disabled. #TINY-11646

## 7.6.0 - 2024-12-11

- **Added**: Scroll to show action buttons when replying/editing a comment. #TINY-11402
- **Added**: Added tooltips to conversation and comment kebab menus. #TINY-11422
- **Improved**: The mentions menu now expands freely to the available space outside of the editor. #TINY-11054
- **Improved**: Pressing Shift + Enter in the comment textarea now selects the highlighted user. #TINY-11455
- **Improved**: The `commentAuthor` property is now included in reply events of the event log. #TINY-11486
- **Changed**: Reduced the amount of scrolling when changing between conversations in the sidebar. #TINY-11401
- **Changed**: After creating a conversation, the focus goes to the newly created conversation card. #TINY-11293
- **Changed**: After deleting a comment in a conversation the focus goes to the conversation card. #TINY-11293
- **Fixed**: The caret in comment textarea returned to its previous location before closing the mentions menu by selecting with the mouse. #TINY-11453


## 7.5.1 - 2024-11-13

- **Fixed**: Conversations did not load when the comments sidebar was opened on editor load with `sidebar_show`. #TINY-11506


## 7.5.0 - 2024-11-06

- **Added**: New option `tinycomments_mentions_enabled` to enable mentioning a user inside a comment. #TINY-11048
- **Fixed**: The `conversationAuthor` property was missing from 'create` conversation events in the EventLog API. #TINY-11352
- **Fixed**: Use default 'Anon' value for `tinycomments_author` and `tinycomments_author_name` options when the provided value is an empty string. #TINY-11323
- **Fixed**: Removing annotated content, now, removes associated conversation card from the sidebar. #TINY-11366


## 7.4.0 - 2024-10-09

- **Added**: New `tinycomments_fetch` option that fetches a set of conversations when the comments sidebar is first opened. This option is only applicable in callback mode. #TINY-11003
- **Added**: New `tinycomments_access` option to define access levels for the UI and editor. #TINY-11113

## 7.1.0 - 2024-05-08

- **Added**: New `index.js` file that includes all plugin resources. #TINY-10778
