# Changelog
All notable changes to this project will be documented in this file.

The format is based on [Keep a Changelog](https://keepachangelog.com/en/1.0.0/),
adheres to [Semantic Versioning](https://semver.org/spec/v2.0.0.html),
and is generated by [Changie](https://github.com/miniscruff/changie).

## 7.7.0 - 2025-02-20

- **Fixed**: The cursor placement was sometimes incorrect when the code editor opened. #TINY-11686

## 7.6.0 - 2024-12-11

- **Fixed**: Spelling error in tooltip for `fullscreen` toggle button. #TINY-11298

## 7.4.0 - 2024-10-09

- **Fixed**: Format button would lose focus after action while navigating through keyboard. #TINY-11122
- **Fixed**: Formatting indent size would be different than codemirror indent size. #TINY-11150
- **Fixed**: Formatter would not remove empty lines. #TINY-11146

## 7.3.0 - 2024-08-07

- **Added**: Added a dialog button to apply code formatting. #TINY-11018
- **Added**: Code is now formatted when the code editor opens. To disable, use the  `advcode_prettify_editor` option. #TINY-11018
- **Added**: Added an option to get formatted code on `editor.getContent`. To enable set `advcode_prettify_getcontent` to true or set `{ prettify: true }` in the getContent argument. #TINY-11054

## 7.1.0 - 2024-05-08

- **Added**: New `index.js` file that includes all plugin resources. #TINY-10778
- **Fixed**: Inline mode didn't have tab navigation. #TINY-10780

## 7.0.1 - 2024-04-10

- **Fixed**: Text inside code editor was not properly rendered when using a dark tinymce skin. #TINY-10784
- **Fixed**: Light mode background with `advcode_inline: true` had the wrong color when tinymce using a dark skin. #TINY-10760

## 7.0.0 - 2024-03-20

- **Added**: New `Cmd+g`/`Ctrl+g` shortcut for the `gotoLine` command. #TINY-10649
- **Changed**: Updated CodeMirror to version 6. #TINY-9205
- **Removed**: The `codemirror.css` file is no longer used. #TINY-10561
- **Fixed**: Code editor now has an `aria-label`. #TINY-10651
- **Fixed**: Pressing the Escape key while having the autocompleter open will no longer close the code dialog. #TINY-9205
- **Fixed**: Tab and shift + tab did not navigate to the next tab stop inside the code dialog. #TINY-10596
